Use Case script for updating Automox devices based on a CSV file source (#18)
AutomoxCommunity/automox-console-sdk-python: examples/use-cases/update_devices_by_csv/README.md

> # Update Automox Devices by CSV

Reviewer: Maybe this description could be written a little clearer? This updates the group of a device, correct?

Author: Good call, thoughts on proposal below?

Reviewer: These look good!

> A common need is the ability to take a CSV source file to use for grouping a tagging of Automox devices within the 
> Console for filtering, reporting, and scoping needs. This example script shows how to leverage the Automox Console SDK
> to:

Author: ```suggestion
In order to improve the efficiency and administration of Automox devices, it is possible to leverage a CSV source file and the provided script for the grouping and tagging of Automox devices.  By grouping devices, it makes it that much easier to search for devices, leverage reporting filtering, and scope policies. This script shows how to leverage the Automox Console SDK to:
```

1. Pull Automox Devices
2. Pull Automox Groups; identifying the default group
3. Process a CSV by mapping the provided hostname and IP address of each row

> 4. Update the matched Automox device by hostname or IP address with the defined field values

Author: ```suggestion
4. Update the matched Automox devices with the appropriate group and tag values as defined from the CSV
```
